Draft response to UTI017 (#179)
j3-fortran/generics: J3-Papers/utis/generic_deletion_17.txt

To: J3                                                     J3/##-###
From: generics
Subject: Agreed Generic UTIs 
Date: 2026-April-09

> References:  UTI017

Reviewer: ```suggestion
References:  26-007r1
```

1. Introduction

This paper records the generics subgroup disposition for UTI017 in
the latest working draft. The subgroup agrees with the issue raised
and accepts the editor's proposed change.

2. UTIs and subgroup responses

UTI017 - 16.5.3 Template dependence

> Subgroup agrees. Note 2 can be deleted from page 407-408.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Subgroup agrees with the editor's comments.

[408:1-] 16.5.3 Template dependence  delete Note 2 in its entirety.
```
